OS X Library for PCAN-USB Interfaces - Copyright (C) 2013-2015 by UV Software
All rights reserved.


END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR THIS SOFTWARE
Important - read carefully!

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between 
you ("Licensee") and UV Software ("Licensor") for the software product 
identified above, which includes computer software and may include 
associated media, printed materials, and "online" or electronic 
documentation ("SOFTWARE PRODUCT"). By installing, copying, or otherwise 
using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, you agree to be bound by the terms of this 
EULA. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install or 
use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.


SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE

The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed, not sold.

The definition of SOFTWARE PRODUCT includes any files generated by the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT.


1. GRANT OF LICENSE

This EULA grants you the following rights:

Installation and Use: You may install and use an unlimited number of 
copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

Reproduction and Distribution: You may reproduce and distribute an 
unlimited number of copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT; provided that each 
copy shall be a true and complete copy, including all copyright and 
trademark notices, and shall be accompanied by a copy of this EULA. 
Copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may be distributed as a standalone 
product or included with your own product.


2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

Limitations on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly: You 
may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the SOFTWARE PRODUCT 
in any circumstances.

Support Services: UV Software will not provide you with support services 
("SUPPORT SERVICES") related to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

Termination: Without prejudice to any other rights of UV Software, your 
rights under this EULA will terminate automatically without notice from 
UV Software if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this EULA. In such 
event you must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and any 
related materials.


3. LIMITED WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

NO WARRANTIES: You expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT is at your sole risk. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is provided 
"AS IS" and without warranty of any kind. UV Software hereby EXPRESSLY 
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using 
this SOFTWARE PRODUCT and assume all risks associated with the use of 
this SOFTWARE PRODUCT, including but not limited to the risks of program 
errors, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and 
unavailability or interruption of operations.

NO LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES: UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, 
SHALL UV Software BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS 
OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, 
OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE, 
EVEN IF UV Software HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
In no event shall UV Software's total liability to you for all damages 
exceed the amount paid for this license to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT. The 
entire risk arising out of use or performance of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT 
remains with you.


4. COPYRIGHT

All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT (including but 
not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, 
text, and "applets" incorporated into the SOFTWARE PRODUCT), the 
accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT 
are owned by UV Software. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright 
laws and international treaty provisions. Therefore, you must treat the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT like any other copyrighted material.


5. TRADEMARKS

All product and company names mentioned in the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may be 
trademarks and/or service marks of their respective owners.


6. GOVERNING LAW

This agreement shall be governed by the laws of Germany.


7. MISCELLANEOUS

If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision, 
or portion of this EULA, to be unenforceable, the remainder of this EULA 
shall continue in full force and effect. This EULA constitutes the entire 
agreement between the parties with respect to the use of the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings 
regarding such subject matter. No amendment to or modification of this 
EULA will be binding unless in writing and signed by UV Software.



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Uwe Vogt,  UV Software,  Chausseestrasse 33 A,  10115 Berlin,  Germany
Tel.: +49-30-46799872,  Fax: +49-30-46799873,  Mobile: +49-170-3801903
E-Mail: uwe.vogt@uv-software.de,  Homepage: http://www.uv-software.de/